# Export to github

Parameters for "Create an issue"
Headers
Name, Type, Description
accept string
Setting to application/vnd.github+json is recommended.

Path parameters
Name, Type, Description
owner string Required
The account owner of the repository. The name is not case sensitive.

repo string Required
The name of the repository without the .git extension. The name is not case sensitive.

Body parameters
Name, Type, Description
title string or integer Required
The title of the issue.

body string
The contents of the issue.

milestone null or string or integer
The number of the milestone to associate this issue with. NOTE: Only users with push access can set the milestone for new issues. The milestone is silently dropped otherwise.

labels array
Labels to associate with this issue. NOTE: Only users with push access can set labels for new issues. Labels are silently dropped otherwise.

assignees array of strings
Logins for Users to assign to this issue. NOTE: Only users with push access can set assignees for new issues. Assignees are silently dropped otherwise.

issue_field_values array of objects
An array of issue field values to set on this issue. Each field value must include the field ID and the value to set. Issue fields are only available for organization-owned repositories with the feature enabled. Field values are silently dropped otherwise.

Properties of issue_field_values
type string or null
The name of the issue type to associate with this issue. NOTE: Only users with push access can set the type for new issues. The type is silently dropped otherwise.

HTTP response status codes for "Create an issue"
Status code Description
201 
Created

400 
Bad Request

403 
Forbidden

404 
Resource not found

410 
Gone

422 
Validation failed, or the endpoint has been spammed.

503 
Service unavailable

### Generate git hub user access token

Using the web application flow to generate a user access token
If your app runs in the browser, you should use the web application flow to generate a user access token. For a tutorial about using the web application flow, see Building a "Login with GitHub" button with a GitHub App.

Direct the user to this URL, and add any necessary query parameters from the following list of parameters: <https://github.com/login/oauth/authorize>. For example, this URL specifies the client_id and state parameters: <https://github.com/login/oauth/authorize?client_id=12345&state=abcdefg>.

Query parameter Type Required? Description
client_id string Required The client ID for your GitHub App. The client ID is different from the app ID. You can find the client ID on the settings page for your app. For more information about navigating to the settings page for your GitHub App, see Modifying a GitHub App registration.
redirect_uri string Strongly recommended The URL in your application where users will be sent after authorization. This must be an exact match to one of the URLs you provided as a "Callback URL" in your app's settings and can't contain any additional parameters.
state string Strongly recommended When specified, the value should contain a random string to protect against forgery attacks, and it can also contain any other arbitrary data.
code_challenge string Strongly recommended Used to secure the authentication flow with PKCE (Proof Key for Code Exchange). Required if code_challenge_method is included. Must be a 43 character SHA-256 hash of a random string generated by the client. See the PKCE RFC for more details about this security extension.
code_challenge_method string Strongly recommended Used to secure the authentication flow with PKCE (Proof Key for Code Exchange). Required if code_challenge is included. Must be S256 - the plain code challenge method is not supported.
login string Optional When specified, the web application flow will prompt users with a specific account they can use for signing in and authorizing your app.
allow_signup boolean Optional Whether unauthenticated users will be offered an option to sign up for GitHub during the OAuth flow. The default is true. Use false when a policy prohibits signups.
prompt string Optional Forces the account picker to appear if set to select_account. The account picker will also appear if the application has a non-HTTP redirect URI or if the user has multiple accounts signed in.
If the user accepts your authorization request, GitHub will redirect the user to one of the callback URLs in your app settings, and provide a code query parameter you can use in the next step to create a user access token. If you specified redirect_uri in the previous step, that callback URL will be used. Otherwise, the first callback URL on your app's settings page will be used.

If you specified the state parameter in the previous step, GitHub will also include a state parameter. If the state parameter does not match the state parameter that you sent in the previous step, the request cannot be trusted, and the web application flow should be aborted.

Exchange the code from the previous step for a user access token by making a POST request to this URL, along with the following query parameters: <https://github.com/login/oauth/access_token>

Query parameter Type Description
client_id string Required. The client ID for your GitHub App. The client ID is different from the app ID. You can find the client ID on the settings page for your app. For more information about navigating to the settings page for your GitHub App, see Modifying a GitHub App registration.
client_secret string Required. The client secret for your GitHub App. You can generate a client secret on the settings page for your app.
code string Required. The code you received in the previous step.
redirect_uri string The URL in your application where users will be sent after authorization. This must be an exact match to one of the URLs you provided as a "Callback URL" when setting up your GitHub App and can't contain any additional parameters.
code_verifier string Strongly recommended. Used to secure the authentication flow with PKCE (Proof Key for Code Exchange). Required if code_challenge was sent during the user authorization. Must be the original value used to generate the code_challenge in the authorization request. This can be stored in a cookie alongside the state parameter or in a session variable during authentication, depending on your application architecture.
repository_id string The ID of a single repository that the user access token can access. If the GitHub App or user cannot access the repository, this will be ignored. Use this parameter to restrict the access of the user access token further.
GitHub will give a response that includes the following parameters:

Response parameter Type Description
access_token string The user access token. The token starts with ghu_.
expires_in integer The number of seconds until access_token expires. If you disabled expiration of user access tokens, this parameter will be omitted. The value will always be 28800 (8 hours).
refresh_token string The refresh token. If you disabled expiration of user access tokens, this parameter will be omitted. The token starts with ghr_.
refresh_token_expires_in integer The number of seconds until refresh_token expires. If you disabled expiration of user access tokens, this parameter will be omitted. The value will always be 15897600 (6 months).
scope string The scopes that the token has. This value will always be an empty string. Unlike a traditional OAuth token, the user access token is limited to the permissions that both your app and the user have.
token_type string The type of token. The value will always be bearer.
Use the user access token from the previous step to make API requests on behalf of the user. Include the user access token in the Authorization header of an API request. For example:

curl --request GET \
--url "<https://api.github.com/user>" \
--header "Accept: application/vnd.github+json" \
--header "Authorization: Bearer USER_ACCESS_TOKEN" \
--header "X-GitHub-Api-Version: 2026-03-10"
